[Music]
there are nearly 200 countries in the
world
imagine you can visit each of them by
car
because people have built a huge road
connecting every corner of the planet
wait before you go on the trip you need
to be prepared
the earth's equator is about 25 000
miles long
on a jet plane flying at the speed of
sound you would travel around the earth
in 33 hours
unfortunately you don't have such a
plane and what you do have
is an old but reliable minivan if you
drive it
at a speed of 65 miles per hour you'll
finish the journey in about two weeks
but let's not forget the necessary stops
to sleep eat
see the sights and stand in traffic oh
and one more thing you won't be able to
drive in a straight line
it's a single road and it'll be winding
even going in circles sometimes
on the world map it looks like an
unpredictable mess
so it's better to leave your minivan and
buy a mobile home
a trailer with all the amenities also
you'll have to spend a lot on fuel
gas-powered cars aren't allowed on the
world road only
electric ones can drive there so be
prepared to recharge and pay for it
ready fasten your seat belts and here we
go
at first you need to get to the nearest
city built along the world
road upon arrival you see a highway a
hundred lanes wide
a lot of cars drive along brandishing
flags of their countries
everyone honks at each other and shouts
in different languages
but it's not only the road that's
surprising the city next to it is
equally astonishing
imagine thousands of tourists and
commuters pass by your city every day
normally they'd stay in roadside motels
but on the world road
they prefer to stay within city limits
every country wants to look presentable
in the eyes of foreign citizens
so the so-called world cities are
decorated with grand
monuments beautiful architecture and
parks
and of course real estate in these
cities is very expensive
in some countries the road passes near
the capitals
the world road is fenced with a tall
transparent wall
if you want to stay in some city you
have to leave the road and drive through
the security checkpoint
this is really convenient since you
don't have to wait in lines at the
borders between countries
the road connects the entire planet
without restrictions
beneath the road electric sensors are
built in to regulate traffic and stop
violators
if a driver exceeds a speed limit these
sensors send an electric impulse
and disable the driver's car since all
the cars are electric
charging stations pepper the roadside so
if you run out of power
you can recharge at any time the first
few days are quiet for you
you drive enjoying the beautiful view
getting stuck in traffic sometimes
but not for long you eat food you buy at
supermarkets or stop at roadside
restaurants
with the world road bustling roadside
eateries have turned into real
restaurants
where famous talented chefs cook
fortunately the food there generally
isn't very expensive if you started the
trip in north america
your first destination is south america
you drive by
amazingly beautiful cities get
acquainted with the culture of different
countries
and look forward to the most interesting
stage of your journey
transition to another continent you have
to cross the ocean
many countries spent huge amounts of
money and decades to build a long bridge
connecting
africa and south america you climb upon
a road that has
no end inside it's a long bridge that
rises dozens
of feet above the water huge pillars
extend from the ocean floor
and support the bridge throughout the
way the ocean
merges with the sky on the horizon and
you feel as if you're flying through the
air
and best of all there are no transparent
walls to the sides
not to block the view even though the
longest straight section of the route
begins
there's a high speed limit for the first
few dozen miles
a driver can't get used to the amazing
scenery and sometimes gets distracted
from the road
electric sensors don't allow you to
accelerate more than 65 miles per hour
to reduce the risk of an accident you
drive in the leftmost lane and can look
at the ocean
you see a group of dolphins leaping out
of the water and greeting the drivers
and a huge whale swimming on the horizon
you keep driving
and soon the sun descends upon the
horizon the landscape becomes fantastic
many cars pull over at the side of the
road and people get out of their
vehicles to take pictures
of the beautiful orange red sunset at
night
a powerful storm begins the ocean is
raging
huge waves crash into the pillars and
droplets reach the cars
lightning flashes but drivers aren't
afraid lightning rods are installed
all along the road soon the storm
subsides
you continue on your way overcoming
ships that also sail to africa
you think you'll arrive there much
faster but then you get into a big
traffic jam
the road passes by small islands among
which is tristan de cunha
a group of volcanic islands that are the
most remote pieces of land in the world
ocean
the road branches into dozens of
directions that lead to the islands
hundreds of cars swerve there and create
traffic jams
after a few hours you return to the
normal speed
a full day has passed you need rest so
you stop by the side of the road
and sleep inside the trailer in the
morning a seagull wakes you up by
knocking on your window
this means the mainland is close a cool
breeze gives way to sultry hot air
the blue ocean is replaced with yellow
savannas
you travel all across africa enjoy the
company of lions elephants and giraffes
and get nicely tanned you find yourself
back on the water bridge
and drive to the island of madagascar
here you make a stop to enjoy the unique
nature that's unlike anywhere else in
the world
you go back to africa and from there you
start on a very long journey through
eurasia
you visit all the european countries
then go to the east and reach
india you stay for a while in almost
every country
you've managed to sell your trailer and
bought yourself a new one
you no longer remember the exact number
of days you've spent
on the road but you know for sure that
more than a year has passed
you're heading to australia past
thailand vietnam
and indonesia after that you visit new
zealand
here the road makes a big circle and you
return to eurasia through papua new
guinea and the philippines
you've had a great time on the sandy
beach swum in the ocean a lot
made friends with the locals and felt
like a citizen of
not one country but the whole world
still
you want some change of scenery and the
road obliges
you're going north you pass through the
eastern part of the continent
and reach your next destination here the
road winds through snow fields and
winter forests
every day a large amount of snow falls
on the road
it would have disappeared under this
white shroud but fortunately
there are heaters installed beneath the
road so you're driving on wet asphalt
instead
because of the bitter cold people rarely
stop here
so you quickly reach the chukchi sea you
reach another bridge
and drive above the water for a couple
of hours ahead
you can see the coast of alaska you
think you'll arrive to north america
soon but the road turns towards
greenland instead
you reach the most amazing point in your
journey you pass through a valley of
icebergs
some of them are so big that the road is
cut right through them
you're driving inside an ice tunnel and
get a little scared
when the tunnel ends you're back on the
long bridge over the water
this bridge is the last one on your
journey it takes you back to north
america
after more than a year abroad your trip
is
finally over